debugging tips (#9)
PostHog/posthog-avo-plugin: README.md

## Questions?

### [Join the PostHog Users Slack community.](https://posthog.com/slack)

## Debugging tips

1. use `dev` env when testing as prod could show up hours later
2. `messageId` needs to unique based on testing to send curls (potentially used for deduping within Avo)

> 3. There's user and pass for an account in the `Plugin-testing` folder

Author: ```suggestion
3. There's user and pass for an account in 1Password
```
